### Page Overview of Note App

**Main layouts:**
 * **Purpose:** To provide a consistent structure and navigation for the entire application.
 * **Key Components:**
   * **App titles:**
   * There are app's title on the browser tab.
   * **Navigation bar:**
     * On every page, a navigation bar is displayed at the top.
     * It contains app's name that links to the root page ("/"), linkable text "About" that links to the **About page**
     * If user logged-in, it contains a drop menu includes three items (All Notes, Add A note that links to , and Log out) that links to the **All notes page**, the **New note page** and the **Log out endpoint**, respectively. If not logged-in, it contains linkable "Login" and "Register" text that links to the **Sign in page** and **Sign up page**, respectively.

   * **Flash message:**
     * A dedicated area at the top of the page for displaying success or error messages.

   * **Error message (From an error array):**
     * A dedicated area at the top of the page for displaying a list of errors.

   * **Body:**
     * Body is content of other file which is displayed on **main layout** and is located under navigation bar, flash message and error message.

**1. Index page: (/)**
 * **Purpose:** To provide a general overview of the application and serve as the starting point for unauthenticated users.
 * **Key Components:**
   * App's title: "Notes App Nodejs And Mongodb!".
   * Purpose and Technologies used: "A simple App to manage Notes developed with Nodejs, Express, Mongodb and Javascript Technologies".
   * A paragraph about app: "veniam voluptatibus aliquid unde sit Libero veniam similique ex reiciendis doloribus! Deleniti sunt cum ad est atque. Esse earum".
   * A prominent Call-to-Action (CTA) button "Register" that links to the **Sign up page**.

**2. Sign up page: (/auth/signup)**
 * **Purpose:** To allow new user to create an account.
 * **Key Components:**
   * Page's title: "Account Register".
   * Form fields include Name[optional], Email {required}, Password {Required}, Confirm Password {required}.
   * A "Signup" button to submit the form.
   * A linkable text "Login" that links to the **Sign in page**.

**3. Sign in page: (/auth/signin)**
 * **Purpose:** To allow existing user to access this app.
 * **Key Components:**
   * Page's title: "Account Login".
   * Form fields include Email {required}, Password {Required}.
   * A "Signin" button to submit the form.
   * A linkable text "Register" that links to the **Sign up page**

**4. All notes page: (/notes)**
 * **Purpose:** To display a list of all notes belogings to the current user.
 * **Key Components:**
   * If has notes, a list of notes is displayed with title and description clearly visible,"edit" and "delete" icon for each note. This list is ordered by date descending.
   * If no note:
     * Welcome text: "Hello {{user.name}}"
     * Paragraph: "There are no Notes yet."
     * A linkable text "Create One!" that links to the **New note page**.

**5. New note page: (/notes/add)**
 * **Purpose:** To allow user to create a new note.
 * **Key Components:**
   * Page's title: "New Note"
   * Form fields: Title {required}, Description {Required}
   * "Save" button to submit the form

**6. Edit note page: (/notes/edit/:id)**
 * **Purpose:** To allow user to edit an existing note which they are owner.
 * **Key Components:**
   * Errors message: is located at the top of page
   * Page's title: "Edit Note"
   * Form fields: Title {required}, Description{required}
   * "Save" button to submit the form

**7. About page: (/about)**
 * **Purpose:** To provide information about the app.
 * **Key Components:**
   * Page's title: "About"
   * Paragraph about the app: "Adipisicing lorem laudantium fuga excepturi iste earum? Architecto et sint exercitationem nihil voluptatum? Quae dolores sint fugiat inventore soluta ad Tenetur minima odit qui fugit eveniet minima? Repellat nobis harum quia placeat eveniet fugit voluptatem Pariatur maiores molestiae est quas."

**8. 404 Not Found page**
 * **Purpose:** To provide user-friendly page for non-existent URLs.
 * **Key Components:**
   * Page's Title: "Not Found".
   * Paragraph: "This page does not exists".
   * Linkable text "Return to home" that links to the **Index page**.

**9. Internal Server Error page**
 * **Purpose:** To handle unexpected server-side errors gracefully.
 * **Key Components:**
   * Page's Title: "Internal Server Error".
   * Paragraph: Information about error. **Note:** While the page is designed to display error information, this is a potential security vulnerability in a production environment.
   * Linkable text "Return to home" that links to the **Index page**.